Welcome to Chicago
What I really like from Chicago
is it’s a beautiful city,
it’s modern city,
I really like it.
Chicago I think you can do everything.
It’s awesome!
I love to study here in Kaplan because
it’s in downtown, it’s the perfect location.
I get to college by overground train,
I love it because you can have
a good view of Chicago
it’s awesome!
Teachers are very professional,
it’s friendly so you just feel like
you’re learning everyday,
I really like it!
We only hire the most qualified teachers,
our teachers also have international
experience which we feel is very valuable.
I love the way that they teacher
here in Kaplan
because they can teach you
and you can have fun at the same time.
They treat you like you’re a unique
student in the classroom.
they are really nice person.
The facilities there’s a lot to offer,
we have several computer labs where
students can check their email,
have access to internet of course,
there’s also an extensive library
for students to check out resources
to study before or after class.
Yes of course I go shopping in Chicago
especially at the Magnificent Mile,
it’s one of my favourite places to go.
You have many many stores,
I really love it.
The ‘Bean’ is one of the most interesting
sculptures in Chicago.
You can enjoy just sitting in front of
the ‘Bean’ you know it’s reflected.
It’s really fun,
I really like it.
You can go by boat trip, it’s awesome.
You can see all around the river,
they have all the history
about the buildings.
The guy in the boat trip is very informative
and you can learn a lot of thing
about the city.
My English has improved in a big way
because when I arrived here
I couldn’t make a conversation with somebody,
but now I can speak as well,
I can listen very well
so it’s awesome.
You can improve a lot.
I worked at Kaplan for many years now
and I’ve seen a lot of students
who come on their first day
and they’re feeling a little bit nervous
and it’s really exciting for me
to have the opportunity to see them,
you know, grow so much and become
so independent over time,
and really exciting to see them
improve their English
sometimes even over a short
period of time.
I feel great to be here in Chicago.
I am enjoying the city,
I am enjoying the school.
To come here at Kaplan,
I feel like it’s the best thing I ever did.